## Welcome to my personal webpage.
###I am not your usual techie who started mastering computer programing from the age of 5. In fact I worked as a chemical engineer, then a commodities derivatives trader and finally in the sales & trading desk at an investment bank before turning a full time techie.
###My unique blend of experience make me extremely multifaceted. I call myself a humble learner from the financial markets which taught me to blend scientific rigor and psychology to survive and thrive in the brutal capital markets. In addition working as a sales person and covering some of the smartest clients on the street taught me client relationship management. I learnt how to order great dinner and wine while indulging in multi fa ceted conversations with clients to generate more business.
###I also delved into entrepreneurship where I worked on two startups. One was my own fund where I generated 24% return for an year before closing the account on account of geography change. The second was while being a student in the university where I worked on a health related idea. Both these ventures helped me immensely in learning about customer discovery, product development, cofounder dynamics and most importantly the ups and downs of running a business.
###Now I am completely dedicated to help businesses generate more value by utilizing data. My experiences from multiple fields help me understand client needs, develop a solution, manage resources, communicating with different stakeholders and delivering an easy to understand solution and implementation plan.
###Work aside, I am a strong believer of physical and mental health. Although I have moved to lift moderate weights and do yoga, tt all started long back when I was a university athlete for my weightlifting team. Although I never actively focused on mental health but my steep inclination towards eastern spirituality, not to be confused with religion, helps me stay mentally sorted. In addition I am an adventure junkie and like challenges like high altitude mountaineering, travelling to remote places and trying new hobbies.
